docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/how-to/web-app-rocks/set-up-web-app-rock.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: How to initialize a 12-factor app rock and configure it by including additional files, extra debs and override commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: How to initialize a rock for a 12-factor web app, and give it the minimal configuration needed for a supported framework.
```
